A46. A    
Java has only single inheritance.

A47. D   
 “super” reference must be used in the first statement of the constructor. 

A48. B	
Because of single inheritance, Mammal can have no other parent than Animal as java does not support multiple inheritances. 

A49. A	
Computer is the superclass, AppleComputer and IBMComputer are subclasses of Computer.

A50. B	
The code does not compile because no-argument constructor is not defined in A. As we know that compiler will insert default constructor in every class if there is no constructor. So, default constructor of class B is trying to call the default constructor of class A but it is not available in class A. 

A51. A	
“this.i” because B extends A.  Because “i” is the protected member of class A and as we know that we can access all the protected of class through inheritance.

A52. C    
 Code will not compile because we are trying to override the static method f()  in class B.    

A53. D    
Code will compile successful   because this is legal overriding of getD() method .  In this exercise, we are using covariant return type which is legal for method overriding.  

A54. D   
Code prints 15 on execution because it is simply adding two no through addNo(….) method.

A55. A	
Code does not compile because inheritance from String is prohibited. In java String is a final class and we know that final class cannot have any child class.


A56. B   
Compilation error at line 2 because in main method “b” is the reference of class A and with the reference of class A, we can’t access the instance variable of class B.

A57. C  
Prints As1 Bs2 Bs1 Bs2

A58. A,C    
Because display is static method and as we know instance is not required for calling the static method. We can access the static member with reference of class. 

A59. A,B,C,D  
As we know that we can override the method only which we can inherit but in this exercise method of class B has default access means it will accessible only within the package and as per question class B is inherited by some another class which is outside the package So, method of class B is not visible in their subclass.

A60.  B   
Because we are allocating memory of class B so it will call the method off class B 

A61. A,B,C  
In this question print() method cannot be accessible in child class because it is private. 

A62. B  
There is a compilation error because of incorrect overriding of equals method. The return type of equals method must be boolean.

A63. A   
The code does not compile because of a problem in interface. Method of interface cannot be static.

A64. B
public  int  doIt(); Because the method of interface is by default  public and abstract and as per rule class must have to override the method of interface.

A65. C
Code prints 90, because static block will execute at the time of class loading.

A66. C
Method of interface must be abstract.

A67. A,C,D 
Variable of interface must be constant i.e. public, static and final.

A68. D
class Man { private Dog bestFriend; }. This is showing the Has-A relationship .

A69. A  
public interface B extends A { } because an interface can extends more than one interface not a class but a class can implements  interface.

A70.B 
Because start() method is overloaded and we have allocated the memory of child class i.e. new TestB().

A71. A
Because abstract class and interface has same rule that child class must have to override the abstract method and we know that a class can extends a class but implements the interface.

A72. B 

A73.D
Because the member variable of an interface is by default public, static and final.  So all are good. 

A74. D 
Because interface I1 and I2 both has name variable and class x is implementing both interface so class X has ambiguous name variable. 

A75. A,C,D
An interface cannot have final method. As we know that If method is final then nobody can override this method. 


A76. C
Legal overriding of interface is public void f() not public final void f().

A77. A,B,C,D
Line1 prints true because a1 is instaceof  X
Line2  print false because there is no relation between class X and interface Y.
Line3 Compilation Error because String is system defined class and it will not implements interface Y.
Line4 prints false because null is the default value of all types of object.

A78. B
Because value of “i” in interface B is 10 and class X implements B so “i” is inherited by class X. 

A79. C  
Because we can assign only child class into parent class so C is good because obj2 is the object of class C2 and class C2 is implementing one interface I2 so C2 is the child of I2.    

A80. C
A subclass of an abstract class must not define the abstract methods. It can define abstract method if a subclass of an abstract is also abstract. 

A81. B, D
The concept of multiple inheritance is implemented in Java by extending one class and implementing one or more interfaces or by implementing two or more interfaces. 

A82. C
“super” keyword can be used to call super class constructor or access super class member.

A83. B
A class can implement one or more than one interfaces.

A84. A
A class implements an interface but does not override all the methods of that interface then it should be declared as abstract class.



A85. C
Static method is class level method and there is only one copy of static member available in memory that’s why static method cannot be override. 
